README.md, before:

# Message Queue


```
$ dotnet build
```

Create a ```appsettings.json``` file for both SBSender and SBReceiver projects.

```
{
    "AppSettings": {
        "AzureSBEndpoint": "AZURE-SERVICE-BUS-ENDPOINT",
        "AzureSBQueue": "AZURE-SERVICE-BUS-QUEUE"
    }
}
```

### SB Sender
```
$ dotnet run --project services/SBSender
```

### SB Receiver
```
$ dotnet run --project services/SBReceiver
```



## GraphQL Endpoint

This demo is based on https://github.com/mmacneil/ASPNetCoreGraphQL with an accompanying blog on https://fullstackmark.com/post/17/building-a-graphql-api-with-aspnet-core-2-and-entity-framework-core

Runtime: .NET Core 2.1
NLog
Hangfire

Still in development

```
$ dotnet restore
$ dotnet run --project services/GraphQL.Api
```

or

```
$ dotnet watch --project services/GraphQL.Api run
```

Hangfire Dashboard

```
http://localhost:50000/hangfire/
```

GraphQL Playground
```
http://localhost:50000/ui/playground/
```


GraphQL Schema found under

```
services/GraphQL.Api/schema/schema.graphql
```

```
$ npm install -g graphql-cli
$ cd services/GraphQL.Api/schema
$ graphql get-schema
```


### Mutation example

#### Create

```
mutation ($player: PlayerInput!, $skaterStats: [SkaterStatisticInput]) {
    createPlayer(player: $player, skaterStats: $skaterStats) {
        id name skaterSeasonStats {
          id
        }
    }
}
```

vars

```
{
    "player": {
    "name": "Jaromir Jagr",
    "birthPlace": "Kladno, Czech Republic",
    "height": "6'03",
    "weightLbs": 230,
    "birthDate": "1972-02-15"
    },
    "skaterStats": [
            {
            "seasonId": 17,
            "leagueId": 1,
            "teamId": 5,
            "gamesPlayed": 82,
            "goals": 24,
            "assists": 43,
            "points": 67,
            "plusMinus": 16

    }]
        
}

```

#### Delete

```
mutation ($playerId: Int!) {
    deletePlayer(playerId: $playerId) {
        statusType
    }
}

```
vars

```
{
    "playerId": 5   
}
```


GraphQL.ConsoleApp and GraphQL.Api

Additional connection string required for `HangfireConnection` for DB `HangfireGQL`


## Hangfire Console
Runtime: .NET Core 2.1

Still in development

```
$ dotnet run --project services/GraphQL.ConsoleApp
```

Commit message:

started React integration with Apollo

README.md, after:

# Message Queue


```
$ dotnet build
```

Create a ```appsettings.json``` file for both SBSender and SBReceiver projects.

```
{
    "AppSettings": {
        "AzureSBEndpoint": "AZURE-SERVICE-BUS-ENDPOINT",
        "AzureSBQueue": "AZURE-SERVICE-BUS-QUEUE"
    }
}
```

### SB Sender
```
$ dotnet run --project services/SBSender
```

### SB Receiver
```
$ dotnet run --project services/SBReceiver
```



## GraphQL Endpoint

This demo is based on https://github.com/mmacneil/ASPNetCoreGraphQL with an accompanying blog on https://fullstackmark.com/post/17/building-a-graphql-api-with-aspnet-core-2-and-entity-framework-core

Runtime: .NET Core 2.1
NLog
Hangfire
React
Apollo

Still in development

```
$ dotnet restore
$ dotnet run --project services/GraphQL.Api
```

or

```
$ dotnet watch --project services/GraphQL.Api run
```

This will start both server and react application using Spa Services.

Hangfire Dashboard

```
http://localhost:50000/hangfire/
```

GraphQL Playground
```
http://localhost:50000/ui/playground/
```


GraphQL Schema found under

```
services/GraphQL.Api/schema/schema.graphql
```

```
$ npm install -g graphql-cli
$ cd services/GraphQL.Api/schema
$ graphql get-schema
```


### Mutation example

#### Create

```
mutation ($player: PlayerInput!, $skaterStats: [SkaterStatisticInput]) {
    createPlayer(player: $player, skaterStats: $skaterStats) {
        id name skaterSeasonStats {
          id
        }
    }
}
```

vars

```
{
    "player": {
    "name": "Jaromir Jagr",
    "birthPlace": "Kladno, Czech Republic",
    "height": "6'03",
    "weightLbs": 230,
    "birthDate": "1972-02-15"
    },
    "skaterStats": [
            {
            "seasonId": 17,
            "leagueId": 1,
            "teamId": 5,
            "gamesPlayed": 82,
            "goals": 24,
            "assists": 43,
            "points": 67,
            "plusMinus": 16

    }]
        
}

```

#### Delete

```
mutation ($playerId: Int!) {
    deletePlayer(playerId: $playerId) {
        statusType
    }
}

```
vars

```
{
    "playerId": 5   
}
```


GraphQL.ConsoleApp and GraphQL.Api

Additional connection string required for `HangfireConnection` for DB `HangfireGQL`


## Hangfire Console
Runtime: .NET Core 2.1

Still in development

```
$ dotnet run --project services/GraphQL.ConsoleApp
```
